The function “solve” takes two arguments: word_list and target. Since it is known that word_list is a list containing distinct strings, transforming the list to a set would be beneficial later on in terms of look up time complexity. The set is denoted as word_list_set. After that, the algorithm iterate each index “i” of the target string starting from 1. For each loop, the variable head takes the substring of the target string from the first index to the index before “i”, and the variable tail takes the substring of the target string from i index onward. Then, it check if the substring head and the substring tail are in the word_list_set set, and if the substring head and tail are not the same (because duplicated strings don’t exist in the set, finding the same head and tail means finding the exact item in the set). If all of the conditions are true—meaning that it finds the pair words that are combined to the target word—the function shall return the head and tail string as a tuple. However, if the loop ends without exiting, it shall return None instead. 
For the time complexity analysis, converting the list to the set consumes O(n) time complexity, linearly proportional to the length of word_list. The loop consumes O(n) time complexity, linearly proportional to the length of the target string. Substringing consumes O(1). Lastly, the “in” operation of the set should  consume O(1) under normal circumstances. This is achieved by the hash table method implemented in set. Therefore, the overall the time complexity of this algorithm should be O(n).
For space complexity, in addition to the parameter string and the list of the function, the algorithm needs to allocate the space for initializing the set. To do this, it requires O(n) space complexity. The substring should also take O(n), linearly proportional to the length of the target string. Since the return value is either None or the tuple, the worst space complexity would still be O(n), because, ultimately, it’s linearly proportional to the length of the pair strings. Therefore, the overall space complexity should be O(n)